Migrate SQL docs (#521)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/reference/pages/sql/sql-functions/other-functions/pg-relation-is-publishable.adoc

= pg_relation_is_publishable()

> :description: Thepg_relation_is_publishable() function is used to determine whether a specified relation (table) can be published in a link:https://www.postgresql.o

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Use the pg_relation_is_publishable() function to determine whether a specified relation (table) can be published in a link:https://www.postgresql.o
```

:page-topic-type: reference

The`pg_relation_is_publishable()` function is used to determine whether a specified relation (table) can be published in a link:https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/logical-replication-publication.html[publication^].

== Syntax

> The syntax for the `pg_relation_is_publishable()` function is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax for the `pg_relation_is_publishable()` function is:
```
